hello friends now i offer you
look at my kettle and see
how much he glitters inside someone
would think that this is a new kettle but on
there really is not about two teapots
years we systematically remove scum from
kettle although we have very hard water and
still literally half an hour ago
the kettle looked inside like this
we have so terrible water
tough that's such a scum
formed in just one month and
Now I will show you cheap
environmentally friendly simple and high
effective way to remove scale from
Kettle to start to get water if
scum accumulated a lot then you first need
clean the bottom and in that case not
it is enough to get plenty of water
will be 300 milliliters in my case
scale is not deposited very much but she
gathered around the kettle and I type
kettle to the maximum well, and now in the case
fighter with scum will enter
in order to clear so many
I need only one scum
carry gram bag of citric acid
pour it in the kettle and immediately
reaction begins even in cold water
citrus begins
calcareous acids like
you see the kettle fork is not included in
outlet
the reaction can be greatly accelerated and
strengthen by the fact that we boil
this solution
I have now turned on the kettle
into the electrical network and started
enhanced reaction kettle still
just starting to boil and how are you
see efficiency increases
already the bottom begins to shine and
the walls break off whole flakes if
scale accumulated more than my case
then one bag of 10 thunderous will
not enough as well if nakid not
retired the first time then
kettle can be left for a while
to continue the dissolution reaction and
boil
again after some time in the end
can be achieved here such
results in this way
scum from the kettle we already use not
the first year this method does not harm the teapot
environmentally friendly highly efficient and
inexpensive
Thank you for your attention goodbye